[check]scenario:           1, clk = 0, in =   0, reset = 1, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           1, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 1, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           1, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 1, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           1, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           2, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           2, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           2, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           2, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           2, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           2, clk = 1, in =   8, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, in =   1, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           3, clk = 1, in =   1, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, in =   2, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           3, clk = 1, in =   2, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, in =   9, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           3, clk = 1, in =   9, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           4, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           4, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           4, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           4, clk = 1, in =  10, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           4, clk = 1, in =  10, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, in =  10, reset = 1, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, in =  10, reset = 1, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, in =  10, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, in =  10, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
[check]scenario:           5, clk = 1, in =  10, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, in =  11, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, in =  11, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, in =   1, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, in =   9, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, in =   2, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, in =   3, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, in =   3, reset = 1, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, in =   3, reset = 1, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, in =   8, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, in =   8, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, in =   0, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           9, clk = 1, in =  15, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           9, clk = 1, in =  15, reset = 0, out_bytes =        z, done = z
scenario:           9, clk = 1, in =  15, reset = 1, out_bytes =        z, done = z
