scenario:           1, clk = 0, reset = 1, data = x, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           1, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = x, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           1, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = x, start_shifting = z
scenario:           1, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = x, start_shifting = z
scenario:           1, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           1, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           1, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           1, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           1, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           2, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           2, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           2, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           2, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           2, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           2, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           2, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           2, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           2, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           3, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           4, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           4, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           4, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           4, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           4, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           4, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           4, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           4, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           4, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           4, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           5, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           6, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           6, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           6, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           7, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 1, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 1, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
[check]scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
scenario:           8, clk = 1, reset = 0, data = 0, start_shifting = z
